Naming convention (#35)
GenSpectrum/LAPIS-SILO: README.md

```

# Testing

For testing we use the framework [gtest](http://google.github.io/googletest/) and for
mocking [gmock](http://google.github.io/googletest/gmock_cook_book.html). Tests are built using the same script as the
production code: `./build_with_conan`.

We use the convention, that each tested source file has its own test file, ending with `*.test.cpp`. The test file is
placed in the same folder as the source file. If the function under test is described in a header file, the test file is
located in the corresponding source folder.

To run all tests, run

```shell
build/silo_test
```

For linting we use clang-tidy. The config is stored in `.clang-tidy`. It will run automatically with the build process
and will throw errors accordingly. However it is rather slow. If you only want a fast build use

```shell
./build_with_conan build_without_clang_tidy
```

> When pushing to github, a separate dockerimage will be built, which runs the formatter. (This is a workaround, because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pushing to github, a separate Docker image will be built, which runs the formatter. (This is a workaround, because
```
